Okay, now the story of the Buddha going up to the Tushita Heaven. In the teaching he said the
Buddha's mother is Maya Devi, in the Tibetan it's called Jumtral Lamon, and he passed away one week
after Buddha's birth, one day after Buddha was born,
and then I think he passed away. So he passed away soon. And then Buddha was nurtured and looking
up by his sister who became later a nun, the head nun, the first nun, nun, and it's very called Suj
igudamu, the auntie Jigudamu, and the person Jigudamu, that's Jigudamu.
But anyway, so Buddha really didn't have any time on the working level to spend time with Maya Devi
because he passed away, just one week after his birth, he was born.
Then when he passed away, she told the birth in the Tushita Heaven. In the Tushita Heaven, when he
was born, generally in the Tushita Heaven, the birth system is the marathon of the birth.
The moment you're born and everything is completely alert, there's no kind of stage, there's a
human baby that we go stage by stage, infant and baby, and the girl out there is already alert, and
then she's always looking and watching, supported to the Buddha.
Buddha, even though now he is not humanly as physically existing, but he's continually having
support to the Buddha.
And then Buddha, when Buddha meditated in practice in Narayanan bank for six years or near Narayan
an river, at that time Buddha went through very intensive, ascetic practices, and also Buddha, she
was, she's coming looking after the Buddha, watching after a young Buddha, and really doing all
those things.
So now, Buddha became a total enlightenment, when he was age 35, and then he started giving the
teaching to all those fortunate beings, and many people, so many people reached the Aradahut as a
realization, similarly Buddha in the teaching said, that happened.
And then also Buddha went to the capital, back to the father, to his capital, as a meditation by
his father, K. Buddha gave the teaching, there's a sutta called Yapshinya Rundo, sutta that meeting
, the father and son, son sutta that Buddha gave.
So then, they enrolled that time, then one day, then Buddha at one time, and then every year there
is three months of rainy season retreat, and that is very custom made for the Buddhist monks and
nuns, and they stay in one area, they do practices.
And that time, all the villagers and family devoted, support, they will bring the food. Most of the
time, and as no ancient time, those Buddhist monks and nuns go to the house-to-house, arms bowl,
and not just collect the food, largely food, but they go to the village, and whatever the food,
they got first family gave, and they without discriminating the food,
and accept that food joyfully, and very graciously, and thankfully, and then they bring back that
food to their hermitage, or maybe some kind of sport they choose and eat, and then that's it, they
come by, so they're not also kind of collecting, they're selecting, choosing the food, door to door
, just whatever they got, they just take that, without making any commentaries or anything.
And so that's the stuff, usually, but then the rainy season retreat time, then all those devotees
will bring the food, and through those ritual places, and then three months, they do retreat in the
summer time, every time.
And then one time, Buddha announced it to every Sangha member, and now, he's going to go to hit
heaven, due to the three-month rainy season retreat in the hit heaven, and with his mother, and
gratitude to her, and anybody who has a capability, like miracles power, capability, they can join.
And if anybody like that, also if they like to come with me, and have the capability, they can join
. Otherwise, then everybody should do the retreat, wherever they are, can't really intend to do all
that, to come to the, such as the shavastha, and do the retreat, they need to do retreat.
In Buddha, he knows of that, and then many of those who have capabilities, miracles power, who like
to go with Buddha, and they went to hit heaven to retreat, and many people see it, also in such the
shavastha, and other places, they did retreat.
So now, retreat, summer retreat is ended, ended, and then everybody, and all that, particularly in
that time, the shavastha, the siddhis, so many, proposed a devotee, and most of the time, Buddha
did a rainy season retreat in shavastha, over 23 years, over 24 years, and 25 years, it depends how
you count that, but at a long time.
So shavastha villagers, or siddhis people, has very much used to Buddha, always there. So that year
, Buddha then is not there to retreat.
And so the Buddha, they ask, "Where is Buddha?" and Buddha doing retreat in a tushita, heaven, to
pay respect to mother, and so those who want to see it.
So then, when Buddha is coming back, and as soon as the rainy season retreat, Phoenician will come
back.
The rainy season retreat is again, depending on the different calendars, but mostly, this Phoen
ician lost this new moon, and today is according to better than the calendar, is 22nd.
So over 23 days ago, rainy season, summer retreat, is ended. So now, 23 days, Buddha journey came,
still, and he lost the Phoenician, so much eager, they missed Buddha.
And so really, they said, "Why Buddha is not coming back? Because we cannot go to God's land. Gods
can come to this, on this places, to the earth."
And so therefore, Buddha should be here, and so why he is not coming? They all missed.
And finally, everybody decided, all those who have missed so much, and then they thought, "Oh, we
should really go to the Mongol potter."
Mongol potter is mostly the miracleist power. We achieve the miracleist power among all the
disciples of the Buddha.
So we should go and ask him that, "Please, could you go and take the message? We missed so much,
Buddha."
And you will tell that, "Please come back here." And again, they say the same thing, "Gods can come
easily, on this earth, but we cannot go to their places."
So therefore, please, could you send the message? Give this message to Buddha.
So then, the Mongol potter accepted this, is there a corset?
And the teaching says that, as a youth for a healthy person, the moment they stretch out and bend
the knee, that amount of time, the Mongol potter is already in the Duchit heaven.
So stretch out, and this, in that moment, that duration, that Mongol potter is already in the
Buddha's Duchit heaven,
and then the Mongol potter bow down to the Buddha's feet in respect, fully, and then he gives the
message to Buddha.
And then Buddha says, "Yes, I will come. I will come in this, according to the Vedic calendar, this
today."
"Today that I will come, not in Sharasala, but I will come other place, which is also in India,
called Nipi, in Tibet, called Nipi, ata in Sanskrit, called Sanketa."
"So that place still is one of the holy places in India, so I will come there in that day."
So then, again, Mongol potter came in this direction, kind of like, stretch out in this moment, and
he is right back to the Sharasala, and he gives the message to this person.
"Yes, now Buddha is coming. You all made preparation, and you can wear that."
So everybody is really eager now to see Buddha, because they miss Buddha almost all three months,
and everyone is eager.
And so then Buddha is coming, now God.
And then in the teaching he said, "Indra, Brahma, and then Bhushokarma, who is the craftsman of the
gods."
The three of them offered three ladders.
One offered, I think, lapus lajo ladder, and then one offered a golden ladder, and one offered a
crystal ladder, I think.
And Indra, Brahma, and Bhushokarma.
So then, Buddha really don't need ladders, actually, come down, so he can come easily, I think.
But however, although Buddha thought, if I don't accept them, then they will be very disappointed,
because they are offering that.
So he accepted all that three ladders, ladders, and then Buddha, through his medical support, does
three ladders, made one ladder, ladder.
So Buddha now has one ladder, three ladder, transformed into one ladder, and Buddha is coming down,
that heaven.
And then also Buddha thought, "Oh, therefore, I can't convert into this ladder, okay?"
And the many people maybe will be disappointed.
"Oh, why would I have to use this ladder? So they will disappear."
So therefore, what is the purpose of their wish?
My right lower lap, I don't remember exactly, but feet is available on the ladder, and then that
other feet is on the space.
So Buddha is coming with that.
So now, in the Sankhya, there were big receptions, big receptions.
So many kings and queens and ministers and all that, they came, and they had big receptions.
Everybody is waiting eagerly, Buddha coming down.
And then there is that story, something happened.
There is a few moves, a nun, who becomes one of the great ahas, nun, and her name is Upali.
Upali is a nun, but she has so many students too, and she taught.
The nuns always have to stay second to second line of the monks.
And also, I was not really immediately able to see Buddha.
Immediately, I can't see. I mean, according to the rule, I can't really, like that traditional rule
or whatever the rule,
I cannot really see immediately Buddha, Buddha or Baba, or receive the Buddha immediately.
So therefore, I'm going to use my spiritual Baba. She taught.
She taught, because I like to see immediately.
As soon as the Buddha comes down, I like to receive the Buddha.
So that's what she did.
She instantly transformed the most magnificent, powerful-looking king.
She transformed herself as king, and she emanated also many entourage.
So now, with entourage and king, powerful-looking king, magnificent king, king, everybody was
really like, what's going on?
When king comes down, then everybody kind of like moves.
Including all those ahatas, mums are like moving.
So she was right in front of the prone road to receive the Buddha.
And so everybody thought, where does this powerful-looking king come from?
Where does he come from? Who is this?
I mean, they started thinking of this king is more than Buddha.
They're who's this and they're all these things.
But anyway, and then so she must stay in that form, and she received the Buddha first.
Or he's the one of the first who received the Buddha.
Then soon after, then that illusion went even.
It's a deceived way.
And when Buddha came down on earth, and then, of course, everybody was so happy.
And now, the obelisk, that display is also dissolved.
There is she, she.
And everybody said, who? So who you are?
And then, of course, the most people they know, she, her name is Obali, Obali.
And then, what is those king?
That king and that Angraj, they said.
That is, I displayed.
I displayed because I like to receive the Buddha first.
Of course, that's why I displayed.
And they said, it's okay to use the spiritual power.
They said, when did you? When did you?
And then she said, whether it is okay or not, I did it.
That's the reason.
And then, because I mean, then Buddha came, Buddha came, and all that came.
But then after that, that story continued in the case.
And then it said, how people can use their spiritual power?